Liam Dinsdale
09284281

---
Database
---

Basic Database ERD.png

This artefact is a small, but concise, representation of the
entity relationships in our database when I first created it.

Although since that point there have been additions to our database
I have not kept the ERD up to date, as one of my team members has
taken on that duty.

I think that this diagram shows that I have a good grasp on how
entity relationships work in a relational database, although
due to some 'lackluster' naming choices it is not as self explainatory
as it could be.

The joining table "userbook" is used to store the information 
link between a user, and a book they have uploaded, this information
allows us to know who 'owns' each book uploaded to our site.


---
PHP
---

connect.php

This artefact is a logically important PHP Include module which
enables our web-app to connect with our database server.

I have chosen to include a development version of this file as
is evident by the inclusion of the code "mysqli_connect_error();"
in a functional release of our product this would be ommitted, as
it has the potential to leak sensitive information about our database
connection.


header.php

This artefact is similar to connect.php in that is is also a PHP
include module, although this one contains the entire 'head' section
of our markup, including our navigation and banner.

Our web-app is structured in such a way to avoid as much code duplication
as possible, as this is both a waste of storage space (albiet on this scale
not particularly important) and raises the potential for human error when
updating the code in question.


newaccount-processing.php

This artefact is the code which handles new account creation, and the
initial uploading of user profile images.

Potential profile images are filtered for size and type, only allowing
jpg, jpeg, gif, and png images with a file size lower than 500kb to
be uploaded to our webserver.

Passwords are checked against each other (to ensure that the user has
correctly input the password they desire) and are stored as plain text
in our database at this point. In a future story we plan to implement
a series of password encryption technologies to secure user passwords.

---
CSS
---

main.css

This artefact is the primary (and currently only) stylesheet used by our
web app. In the future we intent to implement dedicated stylesheets for
specific user devices when we develop attitional applications for smart
devices.

Note: Although the vast majority of the code in this document has been
written by me, I feel it would be unfair to claim that it is entirely my
work. At several points throughout the development of our "main.css"
document, Cosmo Gregurek has made some key contributions, and the resulting
code (as seen in the document today) for our Navigation, and Button styling
is the culmination of our combined efforts.